
Description
-----------

Call Control is a prepaid application that can be used together with
OpenSIPS callcontrol module and CDRTool rating engine to limit the duration
of SIP sessions based on a prepaid balance.

It achieves this by maintaining a timer for each session and sending BYE
messages to both SIP end-points, if the session exceeds its maximum session
limit or if the Call Control receives a command to forcefully close the call
from outside. It will however not send these BYE messages if the call is
normally terminated by either party involved in the conversation, before the
call maximum allowed time is exceeded.

The software is able to handle parallel sessions for prepaid users. 

The modus operandi is based on a simple model: all prepaid sessions
belonging to the same SIP account must end at the same moment regadless of
the called destinations and their different prices. Whenever CDRTool rating
engine provides the MaxSessionTime for a new call setup, call control engine
adjust the maxsessions time for all sessions belonging to the same user. For
more information see chapter 'Simultaneous prepaid sessions' from
http://download.ag-projects.com/CDRTool/doc/PREPAID.txt

Call Control also benefits of MediaProxy >=2.0 session timeout feature that
terminates the session that have timed-out because the RTP streams have
stopped flowing without a BYE being received by the SIP Proxy.


License
-------

For licensing information please read the LICENSE file.


Download and installation
-------------------------

See INSTALL file.


Prepaid Engine API
------------------

The API between call control and the rating engine is described in the CDRTool
documentation available at:

http://download.ag-projects.com/CDRTool/doc/PREPAID.txt


Free support
------------

Call Control is developed and supported by AG Projects. AG Projects offers
best-effort free support. "best-effort" means that we try to solve the bugs
you report or help fix your problems as soon as we can, subject to available
resources. You may report bugs or feature request to:

users@lists.opensips.org

A mailing list archive is available at:
http://lists.opensips.org/cgi-bin/mailman/listinfo/users


Commercial support
------------------

Commercial support options are available by purchasing:

Multimedia Service Platform: http://ag-projects.com/Products

