.\"                                      Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.TH "Call Control CLI" "1" "Aug 13, 2019"
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.SH NAME
call\-control\-cli \- Command line interface for Call Control
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B call-control-cli
.RI [ options ]
.RI commands
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
.\" TeX users may be more comfortable with the \fB<whatever>\fP and
.\" \fI<whatever>\fP escape sequences to invode bold face and italics, 
.\" respectively.
The \fBcall\-control\-cli\fP command is used for sending requests to a
running \fBcall\-control\fP engine. It can either query the running server
for information about the existing sessions or it can issue commands to
administratively terminate sessions.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-h, \-\-help
Show summary of options.
.TP
.B \-\-version
Show the program version.
.TP
.B \-\-runtime\-dir=PATH
Set the runtime directory (default is \fB/run/callcontrol\fP). It must
match the runtime directory used by the \fBcall\-control\fP engine.
.SH COMMANDS
.TP
.B list \fI[user]\fP
List existing sessions. If user is not specified list all sessions, else
list sessions filtered by user. The user argument is taken as a prefix, so
it will match any SIP AOR starting with the specified user string.
.TP
.B show \fIcall\-id\fP
Show details about the session identified by \fIcall\-id\fP.
.TP
.B terminate \fIcall\-id\fP
Administratively terminate the session identified by \fIcall\-id\fP.
.SH AUTHORS
Dan Pascu <dan@ag-projects.com>
