.\"                                      Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.TH "SIP Call Control" "1" "May 15, 2008"
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.SH NAME
call\-control \- the SIP call control application
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B call-control
.RI [ options ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
.\" TeX users may be more comfortable with the \fB<whatever>\fP and
.\" \fI<whatever>\fP escape sequences to invode bold face and italics, 
.\" respectively.
Call Control is an application that can be used together with OpenSER to
limit the duration of SIP sessions. The applications that can be built
upon this functionality include prepaid systems using an external rating
engine (like CDRTool rating engine), for limiting the maximum call
duration to a certain value or being able to close calls in progress
based on various rules.
.PP
Call Control can close a call in progress, by sending BYE messages to both
parties, if the call does exceed its specified time limit or if Call Control
receives a command to forcefully close the call from outside. It will
however not send these fake BYE messages if the call is normally terminated
by either party involved in the conversation, before the call maximum
allowed time is exceeded.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-h, \-\-help
Show summary of options.
.TP
.B \-\-version
Show version of program.
.TP
.B \-\-no\-fork
Run the process in the foreground (for debugging).
.TP
.B \-\-pid=file
Set the proces pid file to \fB`file'\fP. If not specified the default
pid file is \fB/var/run/callcontrol/call\-control.pid\fP .
.SH AUTHORS
Dan Pascu <dan@ag-projects.com>
.br
Lucian Stanescu <luci@ag-projects.com>.
